PAPER 1 
Towards a Reference Framework for Software Product Management
1.The goal of this paper is to provide a structure for a body of knowledge for software product management, by
providing a reference framework based on an overview of state-ofthe-art literature, and industrial case studies.
2.reference framework provides a starting point for:
- Definition of key terms and the identification of open research questions;
- Education of product managers and competence building;
- Development of improved, integrated tool support;
3.Considering the work of  a software product management, artifact hierachy is inevitable. In different type of
works, the artifact hierarchys are also different.   
  Internal stakeholders:the company board; research & innovation; the consultants of the services department;
  development; support; sales & markting
  External stakeholders: the market; implementation partners, development partners, distribution partners;
  customers
4.An overview of state-of-the-art.
1)Portfolio management: Introducing new products by looking at market trends and the product development
strategy. It contains 4 process in reference framework: parnering & contracting, market trend identification,
product lifecycle, management and product line identification.And it receives input from the Company board,
Market and Partner companies.
2)Product roadmapping:planning and portraying the use of technological resouces and their relationships over a
period time. It contains theme identification and core assets identification. And it receives input from product
lines from portfolio managemnet.
3)Requirements management:gathering, identifying, revising and organizing incoming requirements from the various
skateholders. Requirements are organized per product and core asset from product mapping.
4)Release planning: starting with teh product requirement prioritization--selected requirement--relese definition-- 
send to the company board--launch preparation package--skakeholders.



PAPER 2
An industrail Survey of Requirements Interdependencies in Software Product Release Planning
1.Finding an optimal selection of requirement for next release of a software system is difficult. The product
manager need to consider available resources, delivery time, requirements interdependencies, requirements
priority, system architecture, and dependencies to the code base.
2.Case1:small company; mature product
  Case2:medium company; mature product
  Case3:large telecommunications company; mature product
  Case4:research institute;RE process is implicit
  Case5:medium company; RE process is implicit
1)Data colleciton: only consider priority; 20 requirements; pairwise comparison
2)Type of inderdependencies:AND;REQUIRES;TEMPORAL;CUALUE;ICOST;OR


  
PAPER 3
Market-Driven Requirement Engineeering for software products
1.software product offer to an open market with many customers,so market-driven development came into being. And
there are three quesetiones promoted in this paper about the chanllenges of requierements engineering in a
market-driven software development context.
1)How to design and manage a MDRE process?
2)How to design and manage a MDRE repository?
3)How to make profitable release planning?
2.Concepts and Context. 
1)MDRE covers the specific activities: release management and market analysis.
2)Classification of software products:Generic,Customized,Customer-Spesicfic; Pure Hardware, Embedded Systerm(HW
+SW), Pure Software. Additional aspect:Enterprise, consumer.
3)The level of complexity of the UI also affects the MDRE process. I think no matter how the level of the
complexity of products is, the UI should keep simple. Users are impatient.
4)MDRE focus on delivering the right product at the right time rather than fulfilling a requirement specification.
5)MDRE is a long series of releases and undergoing continuous evolution rather than maintenance.
6)Requirements in MDRE are elicited according to the market analysis rather than interviwing with the known users.
7)Characteristics of a typical MDRE context(original text):
  a)The devlepo organization makes all decisions but also take all risks.
  b)There is a continuous flow of requirements throughout the product.
  c)The requirements volume is potentially very large and continuously growing.
  d)Amajority of the requiremnets are infomally described.
  e)The product is evoving continunously and delivered in multiple releases.
  f)Release planning focuses on time-to-market and return-on-investment.
8)Challenges in MDRE: 
  a)Balancing market pull and technology push. Company can provide more advanced technology to meet customer needs.
  b)Chasm between markting and development. As usual the requirements between users and developers are very different.
    Company should focus on communication and collaboration to guarantee the quality of the final product.
  c)Organizatioal instability and market turbulence.
  d)Simple tools for basic needs.(why ? can't find a simple solution for a basic need?)
  e)Requirments dependencies. From "An industrail Survey of Requirements Interdependencies in Software Product 
  Release Planning", we can know it. dependencies affects on release planning.
  f)Cost-value-extimation and release planning.
  g)Overloaded requirements Management.
3.The MDRE Process
1)Process quality:Q=(A+D)/(A+B+C+D). But it is hard to find what requirements sholud be selected or rejected.
                  The value and cost of a requirement depend on itself, dependencies ofn-tuples of other 
                  requirements, time.
                  "Value" is a complex combination of many different types of contributing values.
4.MDRE Data Management
1)Requirements state model: Candidate->Approved->Specified<->Planned->Developed->Verified->Released;
                             Candidate->Discarded;Approved->Discarded;Specified->Discarded.
Before planned, it is continuous mode, requirements are received at any time, but registered by product manager
in continuous mode. The development of product releases is from planned, which also called release mode.
Candidate: after requirements received
Approved:requirements with status Candidate are reviewed, in which are accepted get the status "Approved".
Specified:when the specification document is available, the requirement gets the status "Specified".
Discarded:rejected requirements.
Planned:after the product release planning available, all selected requirements get the status "Planned".
Developed:when all development activitied have been successfully completed,the requirements get the status "Developed".
Verified:when tests have been successfully completed before released.
Released:after all activities for product have been completed.
2)Requirements Repository
  a)small scale development use requirements repository may be sufficient.
  b)aside from generic attributes there are more attributes categories for specific market:
    country data;technical platforms;different markets,etc
  c)Tracing and tracking?
5.Market Analysis and Requirements Elicitation
1)Normal way to get requirement:existing literature,collaboration with key customers.
2)Analyst companies provide functional and technical overviews of the underlying domains.
3)Facilitated workshops, which provide higher efficience than one-to-one interviews.
4)Customer Working Groups with product manager can develops a specification document for a whole new functioal area.
6.Roadmapping and Release Planning
1)Roadmap:a roadmap is a document that provides a layout of the product releases to come over a time frame of 
three to five years.
2)The Product-Technology Roadmaos is the type of roadmao of the software industry.

PAPER 4 
Factors Affecting Decision Outcome and Lead-time in Large-Scale Requirements Engineering
The results from the study could be summarized in the following points:
– The lead–time to make a decision increases when more products (considered as a proxy for the decision complexity) are affected by
this decision -this result was confirmed both in the statistical analysis and in the survey.Since the relationship is rather clear,
decision makers should be aware that too complex decisions may take a long time (hypothesis H1).
– The statistical analysis showed that if a request affects a lot of products, it has a higher change of being accepted (hypothesis
H4). The respondents of the survey stated that requests that affect a lot of products have a higher change of being rejected. This
may seem counter-intuitive, but this is probable caused by the fact that request that affect a lot of products are often requests
related to the platform and thus are important.
– There is no significant relationship between the release of the product line that a change request impacts and the decision
lead–time according to the results from the statistical analysis of the decision log. At the same time, the majority of the responde
ts in the survey suggested that decisions made late in the release cycle have shorter lead–times (hypothesis H2).
– Change requests affecting late releases have a significantly higher probability of acceptance according to the statistical analysis
of the decision log (hypothesis H5). This result seems to be more characteristic for large contexts as the results from the survey,
in which most respondents worked with projects with fewer than 100 decisions, indicate the opposite relationship with a higher
probability of rejecting these requests.
– The lead–time for decisions is shorter when the change requests are issued by important customers, according to the respondents
(hypothesis H3). The statistical analysis of the decision log disproved this suggestion. Therefore, no clear relationship was
identified for this factor.
– Change requests issued by important customers are more likely to be accepted, (hypothesis H6) according to the statistical analysis
of the decision log. This relationship was confirmed by a clear majority of survey respondents (83.3%).
– The lead–time to reject a decision is significantly longer than to accept a decision (research question RQ3), according to the
statistical analysis of the decision log. At the same time, the results from the survey suggests that there is no relationship
between the lead–time and the decision outcome. Our results clearly indicate that the number of products affected by a decision
increases the decision lead–time (research question RQ1). This result has a practical importance for requirements engineering
decision makers. As more complex decision take more time, it may be wise to decrease their complexity for faster decisions. This
could be particularly useful in MDRE, in which time to market pressure is inevitable (Regnell and Brinkkemper 2005). Our study
reports that lead–times could become up to 400% longer if a complex decision affects multiple products.
