1.what tools are avaliable for Continuous Integration?
Based on first recommended paper "Requirements Abstraction Model", RAM structure is avaliable for Continuous Integration.
For instance, a requirement of a clock
Step 1 Specify
  1)Description: The user shall be able to set time from the software. The software should be able to show time.
  2)Reason/Benifit/Rational: WHY-the user wants to know the time at anytime. BENEFIT-the user can choose how the time shows(digital or graphic)
  3)Restrictions/Risks:24h or 12h? years-month-date or month-date-year?
  4)Title:Electronic clock
Step 2 Place
  RAM has 4 levels:product level(goal); feature level(feature); funtion level(functions/actions); component level(details-consists of).
  According to the first step of instance, it is the last level of abstraction in RAM, component level.
Step 3 Abstraction(work-up)
  A high-level requirement need to be broken down to at least funtion level,which should be refined to how to implement a requirement.
In this instrance, I wrote the requirement too detail and in fact, at step 2 and step 3, we all need to come back to step 1 from RAM.
Because step 1 provides a draft requirement. if it is not completely enough, it will be broken down in step 3. if it is out of scope, 
in step 2 will be rejected.This circle will continuous util the plan accepted. But the requirement still can be change in RAM, we can 
see it in the Fir. 6 from the paper "Requirements Abstraction Model". This figure presents a dynamic requirement states. So I think
it is avaliable for Continuous Intergration.


what is technical product management?
I think it shoulde include technical theory and technical practice.
I will update the detail answer after I finish all the papers you recommend and papers I found. 


What is roadmapping? How can you do it large scale?
Roadmapping: I think it should be the future blueprint of a project. In other word, we need keep updating  the requirements and release a new version of a product. In large scale, the complexity of updating will rise exponentially. So the most important thing is to plan a good roadmapping in the initial requirements.
The answer will keep updating as I read more papers.
