PAPER 1
What Happended to Our Features? Visualization and Understading of Scope Change Dynamics in a Large-Scale Industrial Setting
1.The case company's current requirement management tool could not provide a sufficient method to visualize and characterize the problem
with many changes in the scoping process. The auther provides a technique(by using graphs to identify which features and which time
frames to analyze in order to find scoping issues related to uncertainties in the estimations that decisions rely on) can spot the
problem of setting too large a scope compared to available resources as well as increase the understanding of the consequences of setting
a limited scope early.
2.Four Milestones.MS1:the features usually contain a description, its market value and effort estimates.
                  MS2:Features are refined to requirements which are specified, reviewed and approved.
                  MS3: The effort estimates are refined and the scope is updated and baselined. DTs refine system requirements and start
                       designing.
                  MS4: The requirements work and design are finished, and ready to start implementation. The final scope is decided and
                        agreed with the development resources.
3.Measurements.M1:Number of positive and negative scope changes per time stamp/baseline.All three projects turned out to have many scope
                  changes over time. And the number of peaks is more than four milestones.
               M2:Time to feature removal. This can be useful in assessing how good the process is in crystallizing the final scope of
                  the platform project. 
               M3:Number of state changes per feature.This measurement may give valuable insights about the complexity of decision-makin.
               M4:Time to birth. presented as a distribution over time revealed that some projects have a large peak of new functionality
                  coming into the scope of the project after 100 days from the beginning.The biggest limitation of this measurement is
                  the fact that the used process allows for a secondary flow of requirements which automatically can create large peaks
                  of births at a certain time.
               M5:Reason for scoping decision. Stakeholder business decision, lack of resources, other, portfolio changes, replaced or
                  rename, already implemented, unclear feature or requirements, dependent of supplier support.
4.The authors provide many figures and data in this paper, they tracked the scope of requirements and analysis the data. I think the
proposed visualization technique and scope tracking measurements are useful. Because if a company can confirm the volatility of the
scope,and provide a tool to analyze the various aspects of this phenomenon.The results were then used by the case company to adjust
the process towards more flexibility in scope setting decisions, and a clearer scope responsibility.


PAPER 2
Obsolete software requirements

1.Introduction and background
In MDRE, the pace of incoming requirements, software companies have to identify which requirements has obsolete or outdated.the 
identification, handling, and removal of obsolete requirements is crucial. The paper presents the results of a survey, which investigated 
the phenomenon of obsolete requirements and included, an effort to define the phenomenon based on the perceptions of industry practitioners.

2. Research
The survey focus on understanding the OSR phenomenon and its place in the requirements engineering landscape.

3.Results
A)Definition of Obsolete Software Requirement:An obsolete software requirement is a software requirement (implemented or not) that is 
no longer required for the current release or future releases and, for various reasons, has little or no business value for the potential 
customers or users of a software product. 
B)The potencial impact of OSR:A total of 84.3% of all respondents considered OSR to be Serious or Somehow serious.
C)Requirement types and OSRs:Incorrect or misunderstood requirements; Inconsistent requirements; Ambiguous requirements are the top 3 
                             type of OSRs. And requirements related to standards, laws and regulations are the least likely to become
                             obsolete.
D)Methods to indentify OSRs: 71% answers pointed out that manual ways of discovering OSRs are currently the primary method. But, thirty
                            respondents has no process of managing OSRs.
E)Handling of identified obsolete software requirements:More than 60% respondents kept the OSRs but assigned them a status called 
                                                        "obsolete". This might indicate that OSRs are a useful source of information
                                                        about the history of product for both requirement analyst and software development
                                                        roles.
F)Obsolete software requirements and project size:The larger the product, the more likely there will be a negative effect from OSRs. And
                                                  the size of company, process of development also imapct likely of the OSRs.
G)Obsolete software requirements and project type:Respondents primarily graded the impact of OSRs on Market-Driven projects and Outsourced
                                                  as Likely and only Somehow likely for Bespoke projects. This would seem to indicate that
                                                  the "project size" factor is less dominant in relation to OSRs than the "size" of the 
                                                  project.
H)Requirements lifecycle stages for addressing OSRs: OSRs should first be handled during Requirement analysis, Requirement validation,
                                                     and Requirement changes phase.
I)Existing process and practices regarding managing OSRs:73.6% of all respondents indicates that their requirements engineering process
                                                         does not take OSRs into consideration. Reviews of requirements and requirements
                                                         specifications are mostly mentioned by 19 respondents.

